# COVID-19-Ultimate-Restroom-Setup
https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/ShreyanR/covid-19-ultimate-restroom-setup-69b7af

Today, there is groundbreaking technology in the field of touchless sinks. However, many restaurants already have normal hand faucets that require turning the tap on and off. The COVID-19 pandemic has put these people out of work for months, and as states begin to reopen, these restaurants are faced with economic issues. Fixr.com notes that a touchless sink can cost between $400 and $700. Therefore, it would be hard to expect restaurants to change to touchless faucets. So why make the swap?

According to Harvard University, the COVID-19 virus, commonly known as the coronavirus for its crown-shaped features, can stay up "to two to three days on plastic and stainless steel." Let's put this into context. Say someone who was in contact with a sick patient went to wash their hands. They would turn the tap on, wash their hands for 20 seconds, and then turn it off. However, when coming into contact with the sink tap, the COVID-19 virus may be staying there. Then, when the person would reach to close the tap and turn off the sink, they run the risk of getting the virus cells back on them. Furthermore, this could give everyone that uses that sink COVID-19 exposure (through turning off the tap). This idea is a cost-effective solution that can be installed onto a sink using a faucet. Upon estimate, the product will only cost between $10 and $20. Click on the link for a full description of this project. Thank you!
